Update Screenshots for WebMethods.io Connector in 10.17+ (#905)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/users-guide/webMethods.md

![webMethods.io Example Recipe](/images/users-guide/webMethods.io/wmio-recipe-salesforce.png)

> More examples and technical guides can be found on the [{{< sag-dev-community >}} website](https://techcommunity.softwareag.com/en_en/webmethods-apis-integration-microservices.html). In particular, for more detailed information about the Cumulocity IoT triggers and connectors in webMethods.io please refer to [these articles]({{< link-sag-tech-forum >}}tag/webmethods-c8y-connector).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More examples and technical guides can be found on the [{{< sag-dev-community >}} website](https://techcommunity.softwareag.com/en_en/webmethods-apis-integration-microservices.html). In particular, for more detailed information about the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} triggers and connectors in webMethods.io refer to [these articles]({{< link-sag-tech-forum >}}tag/webmethods-c8y-connector).
```
